We used to, it was a sort of brick-built prison under corrugated iron, no windows, nothing
I thought I thought, and we used to have food, and I can remember seeing big beetles like that
and three or four black beetles cutting it, and I was fascinated, but the number, you see this thing
moving around and going like hell, and we were looking at them, and because we didn't know what they were then
we would only just been to Africa, we'd just come off the boat about an hour or so, and that was the African Queen
and we came back, but we came from Saramton, and it was different, and Africans were still getting in the whole sort of
and they were playing different things with the...
There's a little bit of a reserve now
The nice people, the nice people, and they select the rhythm of the singing, and of course, they can have African songs
I don't really know the words, but oh, it's wonderful
Oh, it's wonderful, and I could listen to it all night, and I would go 20 or more hours
We enjoyed that
Must have been very powerful, everybody singing the National Anthem together
Well, we used to go with friends, and we enjoyed ourselves
So was it just the men, or did the women come as well?
Some women came, but my wife didn't come, no, she wasn't a rugby fan
Hello, Brad
I speak a little Welsh
I speak more... mine is not a classical Welsh, but it's basically alright
Can you say that in Welsh?
Can you sing a bit of Welsh?
The sun is coming
Blood, blood, blood, the lowly one
The lowly one
Oh wow, that was fabulous
Oh, the choir, you are singing that
You are nothing without your railled hair
When there is no dance, people dance